Pleaase create a web page for creating pie charts

Description of elements:

1. Create pie chart panel 
    - spans 25% of the width of the window or no less that 500 pixels
    - input field for naming the pie chart is on top ('Name this pie chart: ')
    - section for adding value elements to the pie chart is below the name clearly deliminated by a thin black border and a "+" square button on the right side to allow for quick adding of elements. The "add values" panel contains an input field for the name of the designated value and a number value as a float with 2 significant digits after the decimal point. A color can also be selected from the panal with a color picker button in the form of a square on the right that is expanded into a bigger square thta contains a cross-hair as a color picker tool and the hue mapped to the height as well as the saturation value between 25& and 75% along the longitudal axis. The color picker has an "X" button on top that overlays the interface as well as checkmark button on the bottom that also overlays the interface. Both the "x" button and the "checkmark" tick have a white background and a black thin border. The width of the quares is 10% of the width of the whole window. 
    - The value elements that are added int he panel are displayed below the "add value" panel with all of the value elements stacked in a list expanding vertically and showing all elements on one line with the following order: Name, Value, Color. With color being displayed as the color in a square box without borders. The name and value also do not have any specific font or stylistic edit that makes them different from the font used else-where. Correction the color should be displayed as a circle on the left side of the Name and the Value.
    - The List of elements is stylistically separated from other elements in the canvas and are clearly displayed as part of the pie-chart creation panel.

2. Pie charts in list form (graphics stacked on eachother)
- pie charts are very simple circle withthe width of 25% of the window that have a list of elements on the right that are underlined and the underline is connected with a very thin black line to the center of the pie segments that deliniate pie divisions with the ratios of the elements as representes usially within a pie chart with multiple values. The pie chart segments are ordered biggest value to smallest and there is a small black dot it the middle of each segment (sitting along the mid-division angle line between the circumference of the whole pie chart circle and the main point in the middle and the point of the section being at exactly 75% of the length) This dot at each section of the pie chart is connected to the left-most end-point of the underline undereach of the section element name-value pairs that are represented on the list on the right of the whole pie chart. The dot, the line connecting the underline and the underline itself all have the same color. The dot is with a widht of twice as much of the width of the underlines.
- The value and the names are editable
